Hello,

Thank you for your reply.

Regarding Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness, managed to complete and save the interview but preview still locked even after purchasing subscription.

To resolve this issue, it would be appropriate to test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

Regarding Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness, the pricing of annual and monthly pro plans do not reflect the price submitted.

To resolve this, please update the pricing in the binary accordingly.

Upon further review, we've identified additional issues that require your attention:

Guideline 2.1(a) - Information Needed

We are unable to successfully access all or part of the app. In order to continue the review, we need to have a way to verify all app features and functionality for all account types. Typically this is done by providing a demo account that has access to all features and functionality in the app.

Additionally, make sure the demo accounts you provide include pre-populated content so that we can verify all the features in the app, such as a demo account which connects to a bank account for analysis on spending. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, provide a user name and password in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. It is also acceptable to include a demonstration mode that exhibits the app’s full features and functionality. Note that providing a demo video showing the app in use is not sufficient to continue the review.

Resources

- To learn more about providing information in App Store Connect, see App Store Connect Help.
- Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(a).

Guidelines 5.1.1(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use

Issue Description

The app appears to share the user’s personal data with a third-party AI service but the app does not clearly explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing the data. 

Apps may only use, transmit, or share personal data after they meet all of the following requirements: 

- Disclose what data will be sent
- Specify who the data is sent to
- Obtain the user’s permission before sending data
- Identify in the privacy policy what data the app collects, how it collects that data, all uses of that data, and confirm any third party the app shares data with provides the same or equal protection

Next Steps

If the app sends user data to a third-party AI service, revise the app to explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing personal data with a third-party AI service.

If it does not already, the app’s privacy policy must also identify what data the app collects, how it collects that data, and all uses of that data, including if it is shared with a third-party AI service. Note that only including this information in the app's Terms of Service or Privacy Policy is not sufficient.

If the app does not send user data to a third-party AI service or does not include a third-party AI service, reply to this rejection to confirm and add this information to the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about privacy policy requirements in guideline 5.1.1(i).
- Learn more about data use and sharing requirements in guideline 5.1.2(i).
- Learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect.

We look forward to reviewing your resubmitted app.

Best regards,

App Review
