Hello,

The issues we previously identified still need your attention. We also found additional issues that need to be addressed.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: 3a1449dd-a5ce-42e9-9a20-62d04f845f4b
Review date: January 07, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air (5th generation)
Version reviewed: 3.3.0


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 13-inch iPad screenshots show an iPhone image that has been modified or stretched to appear to be an iPad image. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

See attached screenshot(s) for details.

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. 

See attached screenshot(s) for details.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. 

If we misunderstood your app functionality, please let us know the exact steps to locate this feature in your app.


Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

The plans can be purchased in the app using payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer.

See attached screenshot(s) for details.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by your app must be available for purchase in the app using only in-app purchase. 

- See how to implement in-app purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating in-app purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer paid digital content and services.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review