Hello,

The issues we previously identified still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 0841b50d-93da-4870-a732-c26a1e289dc0
Review date: May 01, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 3.5.0(18) (18)

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, in-app purchase was not triggered when purchase button was tapped. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.4.2

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Guidelines 5.1.1(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use

Issue Description

The app appears to share the user’s personal data with a third-party AI service but the app does not clearly explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing the data. 

Apps may only use, transmit, or share personal data after they meet all of the following requirements: 

- Disclose what data will be sent
- Specify who the data is sent to
- Obtain the user’s permission before sending data
- Identify in the privacy policy what data the app collects, how it collects that data, all uses of that data, and confirm any third party the app shares data with provides the same or equal protection

Next Steps

If the app sends user data to a third-party AI service, revise the app to explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing personal data with a third-party AI service.

If it does not already, the app’s privacy policy must also identify what data the app collects, how it collects that data, and all uses of that data, including if it is shared with a third-party AI service. Note that only including this information in the app's Terms of Service or Privacy Policy is not sufficient.

If the app does not send user data to a third-party AI service or does not include a third-party AI service, reply to this rejection to confirm and add this information to the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about privacy policy requirements in guideline 5.1.1(i).
- Learn more about data use and sharing requirements in guideline 5.1.2(i).
- Learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review